---
layout: post
title:  "This is Me!"
date:   2021-04-20 12:40:58 -0800
categories: jekyll update
---
# This is Me!
`Gael Yimen Yimga` is my full name. You will learn some information about me in the next lines. Does that name sounds familiar to you? Probably not. Do not worry, we will talk about it later. Stay tuned!!!

Really what are you doing here? What and Why do you want to know about me? Are you still there? I’m surprised why you are still reading this article about someone who is not even famous. It is not like I’m a super star or an astronaut or even a successful business owner or even whatever you can think about. I’m none of those.

If you are still there, I assume you want to know more about me. Please whatever you will learn here is strictly personal and should be used as such. So, let’s go …

## Where I come from.
Fundamentally, I think everyone on the Earth could be identified by certain main characteristics. Among them, I can enumerate `name`, `culture`, and `history`. The next paragraphs will describe each of those characteristics in my specific case. I will try my best to be as detailed as possible for your own good.

### My name
My name is `Gael Yimen Yimga`. I was born in a tiny village in Cameroon, Central Africa. First thing that should catch your attention is that my name is not similar to yours. You might probably notice that there is Gael which sounds like an europeanized name and Yimen Yimga that sounds typically like a Bantu name. I will come back in the next paragraph to talk about Bantu culture : my origin culture. So, my name Yimen Yimga means in my dialect “This kid from the roots”. Can you imagine how strong I am?, if I’m originated from the roots - funny uh :).

My name is made up by my father name which is Yimen, and my grand-father name which is Yimga. Usually it is done the other way. We start by the name to whom the parent nominated you and then your father name comes next as the family name. For some reasons in my case that was done inversely. Do not ask me why here. You can contact me inbox to have more details. My email address is `yimengael@gmail.com`.

In Cameroon, your friend or anyone can call you by either your first name or your last name, it does not matter much. When people call you by your last name that is fine and it is more honorific to be called by your last name.

To close this chapter of the name, note that the name in Africa and particularly in Bantu culture, represents a strong component of your identity.

### My culture
I’m originally from Bantu culture which is the dominant cultural group in sub-Saharan part of Africa. People from that culture are mainly represent by dark skin, frizzy hair. It is said that they are descendants of the ancient Egypt of the black pharaohs. I can't get to the details now. If you are lucky, we will have time to dig deeper into this. I would certainly ask a friend of mine who knows more about this to give a speech or write an article. So this is my culture in a nutshell.

### My history and education
It’s certainly not common. Mine started at themed of the year 1986. Every year when I celebrate my birthday, I think about the day when the UN proclaimed the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. I spend the first four year of my childhood with my grand-mother who passed away one year ago. Then I came back to the min city where I was born to start school. I went to primary school and then the secondary school as every child. I got my high school diploma in 2004.

At that time, I was so passionate of architecture but there was no specialized school dedicated to teach architecture in my country. Therefore I could not attend a foreign school because I did not have that much money. So I went to university to pursue a bachelor in computer science.

Computer science at that time was so popular. It is said that after your bachelor in computer science you could start to work and earn a living. In addition, admission to that sector as selective. Having had aa good score in high school diploma, this is how I ended up in the field of IT.

After my bachelor I decided to attend en Engineering school to finish my training and become a Software Engineer. I graduated as an engineer in 2010 and right after I started to work as a developer for a well known bank in West Africa.

At that time, I was so curious about what other countries were doing in computer science, know how good they were, learn from their knowledge. Therefore I started an Immigration process to go to France to do a Master in Big Data. It was a very ew subject and lots of company started to look for professional in that domain.

I spent 13 months in France in school. After my graduation, I found a job as a Big Data consultant for different companies the banking sector, retails metro, and so on. I worked in France for about 2 years. So what brought me in the US. I wanted to build my family, have a wife and have children. Then the nature gave me loved one that went to school in the US as a nurse.It was easier for me to move to the US because of my back ground that for her to move to France. So we decided that I should be the one that will move. The story is sol long and I could neither write all the details here nor all the story.

## Conclusion
I hope you learned a little bit, just a little bit about myself. My goal in this article was to give you a little insight about me, so that you have an idea of who’s behind this article. I talked about the origin of my name, what is the meaning behind my name. I also emphasized on part of Africa where I come from. I spoke about my culture just a little and I finish by my story and my education.

If you find this article interesting, do not hesitate to reach out to me on [yimengael@gmail.com](yimengael@gmail.com) to let me know. Also, if you think you can suggest something to make this article better, please by the same email above you can reach out to me.
